It can be confusing to know when to use each of the ES6 array methods,
but what I've found is that it's easiest to
pay attention to the end result that you want.
For instance, map takes in an array and returns a new array of the same length,
but it performs the same action on each item.
Filter, on the other hand,
takes in an array but returns a subset of that array.
It doesn't change the individual values,
but what it does is filter out some of the items and leave the rest.
Reduce takes in an array,
but it returns a single value.
It finds a familiar property on each item,
and then returns the sum or the aggregate of that.
So if you're ever aren't sure which to use,
first determine what you want back, and that'll be a big help.